docs(site): improved faq and kopiaignore section (#2864)
kopia/kopia: site/content/docs/FAQs/_index.md

#### What is a Policy?

> A `policy` is a set of rules that tells Kopia how to create/manage snapshots; this includes features such as [compression, snapshot retention, and scheduling when to take snapshots automatically](../features#policies-control-what-and-how-filesdirectories-are-saved-in-snapshots).

Reviewer: That is fine, or alternatively:

```suggestion
A `policy` is a set of rules that tells Kopia how to create/manage snapshots; this includes features such as [compression, snapshot retention, and scheduling when to automatically take snapshots](../features#policies-control-what-and-how-filesdirectories-are-saved-in-snapshots).
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I would leave it as it is, i guess.

#### How Do I Enable Encryption?

Encryption is at the `repository` level, and Kopia encrypts all snapshots in all repositories by default. Kopia asks for a password when creating your `repository`. This password is used to encrypt your backups. 

By default, Kopia uses the `AES256-GCM-HMAC-SHA256` encryption algorithm for all repositories, but you can choose `CHACHA20-POLY1305-HMAC-SHA256` if you want to. Picking an encryption algorithm is done when you initially create a `repository`. In `KopiaUI`, to pick the `CHACHA20-POLY1305-HMAC-SHA256` encryption algorithm, you need to click the `Show Advanced Options` button at the screen where you enter your password when creating a new `repository`. For Kopia CLI users, you need to use the `--encryption=CHACHA20-POLY1305-HMAC-SHA256` option when [creating a `repository`](../getting-started/#creating-a-repository) with the [`kopia repository create` command](../reference/command-line/common/#commands-to-manipulate-repository).

Currently, encryption algorithms cannot be changed after a `repository` has been created.

> > NOTE Do not forget your repository password. If it is lost, there is no way to recover it or the files and folders within that repository.

Reviewer: WDYT about something along these lines?
```suggestion
> NOTE There is no way to recover it or the files and folders within that repository. Store your repository password in a safe place, such as a password manager, so you can retrieve it later.
```

Author: That's better, thanks :-)
